Adds task 1.13 to Superposition Kata (#1382)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superposition/four_bitstrings/solution.md

> Since all amplitudes are the same, the result does not depend on which state controlled which bit string preparation.
> It can be convenient to use indices of the bit strings, converted to little-endian, to control preparation of the bit strings.
> Q# library function [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonint) does exactly that.

After this the system will be in the state

$$\frac12 (|00\rangle_a |bits_0\rangle_r + |10\rangle_a |bits_1\rangle_r + |01\rangle_a |bits_2\rangle_r + |11\rangle_a |bits_3\rangle_r)$$

As the last step, we must uncompute the auxiliary qubits, i.e., return them to the $|00\\rangle$ state to unentangle them from the main register.

Same as we did in the previous task, we will use [`ApplyControlledOnBitString`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonbitstring) with the corresponding bit string and the X operation as arguments, the quantum register as the control, and the auxiliary qubits as the target.

> We will uncompute each of them separately, so one of the auxiliary qubits will be uncomputed with the `bits[1]` and `bits[3]` bit strings as controls, and the other - with the `bits[2]` and `bits[3]`.

Reviewer: We'll need to link the Solution code in the markdown here for it to render. Also, it seems we've covered Solution 1, but not Solution 2. In other Katas we've basically handled them as separate qs files denoted as SolutionA, SolutionB, etc. See `all_bell_states` for example.

```suggestion
We will uncompute each of them separately, so one of the auxiliary qubits will be uncomputed with the `bits[1]` and `bits[3]` bit strings as controls, and the other - with the `bits[2]` and `bits[3]`.

@[solution]({
    "id": "superposition__four_bitstrings_solution_a",
    "codePath": "./SolutionA.qs"
})

```

> Q# library function [`ApplyControlledOnInt`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonint) does exactly that.

After this the system will be in the state

$$\frac12 (|00\rangle_a |bits_0\rangle_r + |10\rangle_a |bits_1\rangle_r + |01\rangle_a |bits_2\rangle_r + |11\rangle_a |bits_3\rangle_r)$$

As the last step, we must uncompute the auxiliary qubits, i.e., return them to the $|00\rangle$ state to unentangle them from the main register.

Same as we did in the previous task, we will use [`ApplyControlledOnBitString`](https://learn.microsoft.com/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonbitstring) with the corresponding bit string and the X operation as arguments, the quantum register as the control, and the auxiliary qubits as the target.

We will uncompute each of them separately, so one of the auxiliary qubits will be uncomputed with the `bits[1]` and `bits[3]` bit strings as controls, and the other - with the `bits[2]` and `bits[3]`.

@[solution]({
    "id": "superposition__four_bitstrings_solution_a",
    "codePath": "./SolutionA.qs"
})

> We are going to leverage the recursion abilities of Q# to create a superposition of the four bit strings.  This solution also extends to an arbitrary number of bit strings with no code changes.

Reviewer 2: Let's make the transition a little smoother in the text:
```suggestion
Alternatively, we can leverage the recursion abilities of Q# to create a superposition of the four bit strings.  This solution also extends to an arbitrary number of bit strings with no code changes.
```

For this process we will look at the first bits of each string and adjust the probability of measuring a $|0\rangle$ or $|1\rangle$ accordingly on the first qubit of our answer.  We will then recursively call (as needed) the process again to adjust the probabilities of measurement on the second bit depending on the first bit.  This process recurses until no more input bits are provided.

> Consider for example the following four bit strings on which to create a superposition: $|001\rangle, |101\rangle, |111\rangle, |110\rangle$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider, for example, the following four bit strings on which to create a superposition: $|001\rangle, |101\rangle, |111\rangle, |110\rangle$.
```

The third qubit in this example will have three cases because it depends on the first two qubits; this follows naturally from the recursion.

1. If the first two qubits measure $|00\rangle$, then we need the third qubit to measure $|0\rangle$ with 100% probability.
2. If the first two qubits measure $|10\rangle$, then we need the third qubit to measure $|1\rangle$ with 100% probability.
3. If the first two qubits measure $|11\rangle$, then we need the third qubit to measure $|0\rangle$ with $\frac12$ probability and $|1\rangle$ with $\frac12$ probability.  Just as with the second qubit, a controlled [`Ry`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.intrinsic/ry) rotation on the third qubit will accomplish this goal.

> > We will use [`ApplyControlledOnBitString`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/qsharp/api/qsharp-lang/microsoft.quantum.canon/applycontrolledonbitstring) operation to perform rotations depending on the state of several previous qubits.

Reviewer 2: We tend to leave en-us part of links so that if a person clicking on the link has another locale preference for docs, they can see docs in that language.
